#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
altair==5.2.0
    # via streamlit
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.7.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via streamlit
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via streamlit
comm==0.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
coverage==7.4.3
    # via pytest-cov
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.20.1
    # via readme-renderer
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.49.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
funcsigs==1.0.2
    # via recmetrics
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.42
    # via streamlit
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   streamlit
    #   twine
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.29.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==7.34.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   recmetrics
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jaraco-classes==3.3.1
    # via keyring
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydeck
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.17
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via recmetrics
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.3
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.12.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.2
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.2
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
keyring==24.3.1
    # via twine
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   recmetrics
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via jaraco-classes
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
nh3==0.2.15
    # via readme-renderer
notebook==7.1.1
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   streamlit
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   recmetrics
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
pkginfo==1.9.6
    # via twine
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==4.14.3
    # via recmetrics
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via streamlit
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pyarrow==15.0.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydeck==0.8.1b0
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
pytest==8.0.2
    # via pytest-cov
pytest-cov==2.12.1
    # via recmetrics
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
readme-renderer==43.0
    # via twine
recmetrics==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
retrying==1.3.4
    # via plotly
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   twine
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.4.1.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   recmetrics
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   recmetrics
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via recmetrics
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   plotly
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
streamlit==1.31.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via streamlit
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.3.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   streamlit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pytest
toolz==0.12.1
    # via altair
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
twine==4.0.2
    # via recmetrics
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240106
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   streamlit
tzlocal==5.2
    # via streamlit
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   twine
validators==0.22.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
